Then they said to go to the Kunlun Mountains to find some heaven tower together
The dishes are gone
What Kunlun Mountain Ascension Tower?
It never stopped.
It doesn't exist.
Master Xie, these all exist
If you don't believe me, you can ask my father
He exists in our family's word of mouth
It's just that this Tianmu prodigy is the only one
I don't know.
Master Xie
Did you lose?
That's not possible.
You must be in cahoots
Master Xie
My father can also testify to this
Otherwise, do you think
Why do our officials keep insisting on this bean?
Do you think the treasure contest is just for face?
Or do you think our officials still
Need to get face because of this
Teacher Xie is willing to admit defeat
Master Yang is right
People like you deserve better than death
To confess the sins of your life
Come
Take it to the cruise ship
Delicious and delicious for you to give me a knife a day
When did you get $1,080?
I'll check it out later
Don't forgive me forgive me
Uh, Miss Guan
Since this is all guaranteed, the conference has already decided the winner and the loser
So I'll take my leave. I'll take my leave.
Mr. Yang
Don't worry about leaving, okay?